Morpheusvm tutorials nits (#1538)
ava-labs/hypersdk: docs/tutorials/morpheusvm/intro.md

## Prerequisites

- You are using Go 1.21.12

To confirm, you can run:

```sh
go version
```

> And you should see the ouptut (slightly different depending on your machine):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And you should see this output (slightly different depending on your machine):
```

   panic("unimplemented")
}
```

The type assertion should pass, so now we can go through and implement
each function correctly.

For each of the metadata functions, we'll simply return the state keys
we already defined when partitioning our state:

```golang
func (*StateManager) HeightKey() []byte {
	return HeightKey()
}

func (*StateManager) TimestampKey() []byte {
	return TimestampKey()
}

func (*StateManager) FeeKey() []byte {
	return FeeKey()
}
```

Now, we'll implement the balance handler functions re-using the helpers
we've already implemented:

```golang
func (*StateManager) CanDeduct(
	ctx context.Context,
	addr codec.Address,
	im state.Immutable,
	amount uint64,
) error {
	bal, err := GetBalance(ctx, im, addr)
	if err != nil {
		return err
	}
	if bal < amount {
		return ErrInvalidBalance
	}
	return nil
}

func (*StateManager) Deduct(
	ctx context.Context,
	addr codec.Address,
	mu state.Mutable,
	amount uint64,
) error {
	return SubBalance(ctx, mu, addr, amount)
}

func (*StateManager) AddBalance(
	ctx context.Context,
	addr codec.Address,
	mu state.Mutable,
	amount uint64,
	createAccount bool,
) error {
	return AddBalance(ctx, mu, addr, amount, createAccount)
}
```

> Finally, we need to implement `SponsorStateKeys`. This function may be confusing,

Reviewer: The sentence "This function may be confusing..." is not necessary
